Lucas was up all international games are
important this one's being targeted so
it does have a special significance
whilst we played the last game it's
always happens in summer tours and
you're going back to the three tests or
now it's vital we try and get off to a
good start it's been a good build-up
your preparation you came oh really mr.
barbarians game so things I suppose are
on track so far as the practice is
concerned the other who's been good
we're in sort of couples before the boys
throughout so we had a few weeks
training there of the Ospreys boys
working with us until the very end but
Adams sort of come in this weekend and
being caught up speed and you know we
were lucky enough to fly out bit earlier
so we had at a time the climate eyes go
over the jet lag and it would be
straining the awareness there that
whales haven't won in Australia for a
long long time yeah I think it's been
drummed in every time we play any
southern hemisphere the team is always
all here is when the last time you play
them is used in 50s 60s or something
know that rustling beat them sorry so
look boy boys are well aware we have
done well enough against the southern
half of the teams particularly if you
look back the success we've had the last
of seven years average of three grand
slams and and in that time probably only
sort of one or two wins against having
to a team so you know we need to we're
well aware that we need to sort of
change that that record if you like and
you know hopefully we can do something
about that on this tour Sparkle and beat
them the other night has that had any
significance on the way you're
approaching this match I think we all
just hope enough slightly better
conditions and the heart game I think
unless they Austria have changed eight
or nine boys in that game so it's gonna
be slightly different team I think
should go to your half a Scotland they
played really well on that game and you
know certainly aspects of their fourth
will have to rely on like you know we're
gonna be under under the cosh a little
bit like they were a lot big fast that
gave and we can defend as well as they
did then also they put us in good stead
and you'd like to think that you know
the skill our backs you know they can
hopefully cause a bit more damage I'm
very aware of course that Australia have
this great strength in depth that they
can pick
teams from from a vast array of players
and very skillful players they are there
you look at that size playing Super 15
yeah
pretty impressive to watch and that's
what made such a good league I suppose
and and you've seen those guys coming
through and playing for Australia now I
think the team they've put out now is
probably pretty much their full strength
side for Saturday so that's the way one
it you know we want to play against the
best if you come down here and get away
and you want to make sure you've earned
it and that win in the first match
should set the whole series up for a
very very interesting series
look at me goodness I suppose when I've
played the Test match series and it is a
new experience it's any any one-off test
match you were going to win but
particularly in the three most series
you get our foot on your belt then it
just takes the pressure off a little bit
and you know you can go into the rest of
the tour yeah
slightly more enjoyable yes